more clarifications and responses (#82)
popsim-consortium/demes-paper: paper.tex

simulators~\citep[e.g.,][]{ewing2010msms,chen2009fast,staab2015scrm}.
However, this conciseness means that models of even intermediate complexity
are difficult for humans to understand, making errors likely.
APIs are more verbose, but require a substantial time investment to

> learn, and are tied to a specific tool, so this knowledge is not portable

Reviewer: I feel like there's one too many commas here, but can't decide which one should go?

        \label{fig:IM}
        Example isolation-with-migration Demes model. (A) The Human Data Model
        representation expressed using YAML.
        (B) A visual representation of the model using \demesdraw.
        The same model in the Machine Data Model form is provided in
        Figure~\ref{fig:IM-MDM}.
        The YAML descriptions in (A) and Figure~\ref{fig:IM-MDM} correspond
        exactly to a JSON description, but are much more human-readable.
    }
\end{figure}

> In Figure \ref{fig:IM} we provide an example model in Demes YAML format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Figure \ref{fig:IM} we provide an example isolation-with-migration model in Demes YAML format.
```

\texttt{time\_units} field.
This model uses the \texttt{defaults} section to provide a default \texttt{start\_size}
of 1000 individuals for each epoch of each deme.
There are three demes in the model, an ancestral deme named ``A'' which exists
arbitrarily far back into the past then ceases to exist at 100 generations ago,
and demes ``X'' and ``Y'' that derive their
ancestry from A when A goes extinct.
Demes A and X have only one epoch, in which the population sizes are
constant, whereas deme Y has two epochs. Deme Y's second epoch has a different
\texttt{end\_size} than its \texttt{start\_size}, which indicates the size
grows exponentially from 1000 individuals at 50 generations ago to 3000
individuals at time 0 (the present).
The migration section lists one migration stanza, between demes X and Y.
This migration stanza doesn't indicate a source or destination deme,
so the migration is symmetric. No migration times are specified, so migrations
occur continuously at the given rate during the time interval over which
both demes exist (from 100 generations ago until the present).
We do not attempt a detailed explanation of all Demes features here,

> and readers are instead directed to the tutorial included
> in the online Demes specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and readers are instead directed to the tutorial and detailed specification 
in the online documentation
```
